Update OpenMP5 Flags Usage in Sphinx Doc (#1672)
alpaka-group/alpaka: docs/source/advanced/cmake.rst

alpaka_ACC_ANY_BT_OMP5_ENABLE
  .. code-block::

>      Enable the OpenMP 5.0 any target block and block thread back-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Enable the OpenMP 5.0 back-end (for any target, including offloading support).
```

Author: Does "any target" not include offloading targets?

Reviewer: True.

     Maximum number threads per block to be suggested by any target offloading backends
     ANY_BT_OMP5 and ANY_BT_OACC.

CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS

>   Target architechture and some compiler specific flags have to be set manually:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Target architecture and some compiler specific flags have to be set manually:
```

     Maximum number threads per block to be suggested by any target offloading backends
     ANY_BT_OMP5 and ANY_BT_OACC.

CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
  Target architecture and some compiler specific flags have to be set manually:
  
  * Clang / AOMP / rocmClang
    
    * x86: `-fopenmp -fopenmp-targets=x86_64-pc-linux-gnu`
      
    * ppc64le: `-fopenmp -fopenmp-targets=ppc64le-pc-linux-gnu`
      
    * hsa: `-fopenmp -fopenmp-targets=amdgcn-amd-amdhsa -Xopenmp-target=amdgcn-amd-amdhsa -march=<arch>`
      
      A list of AMD GPU architectures can be found `here <https://llvm.org/docs/AMDGPUUsage.html#processors>`_.
      
    * nvptx: `-fopenmp -fopenmp-targets=nvptx64-nvidia-cuda`

    CMake actually sets `-fopenmp` automatically, but OpenMP support is

>     detected after the deteced compiler is tested, which fails with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    detected after the detected compiler is tested, which fails with
```

>     `-fopenmp-targets=` being present alone.

Author: I am not sure if this is the right place for this comment, I just want to avoid questions about, why we are setting `-fopenmp` while this part is handled by cmake.

      
  * GCC
    
    * host: `-foffload=disable`
      
      At run time set the environment variable `OMP_TARGET_OFFLOAD=DISABLED`
      
    * nvptx: `-foffload=nvptx-none`
      
  * NVHPC
    

>     * host: `-ta=host` or `-ta=-ta=multicore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * host: `-ta=host` or `-ta=-ta=multicore`
```

The multicore part seems like a duplication to me.

Author: It is not. "host" means single-thread.

Reviewer: Yes, but is `-ta=-ta=multicore` correct?

Reviewer: I'm specifically asking about the `-ta=-ta=` part.

Author: I did not notice this, sorry. The second `-ta=` is wrong. You suggested change does not change anything, though.

Author: ```suggestion
    * host: `-ta=host` or `-ta=multicore`
```
